updating the archives doc to cooperate a bit better with the rehydrat… (#5170)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/archives/s3.md

  - /logs/archives/
---

## Overview

Keeping your logs in a storage-optimized archive for longer periods of time is a great way to meet compliance requirements and retain auditability for ad-hoc investigations within budget. Once your logs are being archived for the long-term, you always [have access to them][1] should you ever need to investigate something unexpected or that might have happened a long time ago. 

This guide shows you how to set up an archive for forwarding ingested logs to your own Amazon S3 bucket.
 
## Create and Configure an S3 Bucket

Go into your [AWS Console][2] and [create an S3 bucket][3] to send your archives to. Be careful not to make your bucket publicly readable. 

> Next, grant Datadog permissions to write log archives to your S3 bucket. You can grant those permissions either from your bucket policy or with role delegation. If you wish to [rehydrate logs from your archive back into Datadog][1], the role delegation setup is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, grant Datadog permissions to write log archives to your S3 bucket. You can grant those permissions either from your bucket policy or with role delegation. 

**Note**: To [rehydrate logs from your archive back into Datadog][1], the role delegation setup is required. 
```
